README.md, before:

# Tangara Pipeline
Tangara Pipeline uses Kedro Framework for creating reproducible, maintainable, and modular data science code. Data sources are provided from Air Quality sensors in Cali, Colombia. https://tangara.chis.pa/


# Análisis Día sin Carro y sin Moto - 2022
La calidad del aire de Cali no mejoró con el día sin carro y sin moto ¿Y entonces?
**[LINK](https://cali.webnoticias.co/opinion/la-calidad-del-aire-de-cali-no-mejoro-con-el-dia-sin-carro-y-sin-moto-y-entonces)**

# Análisis Día sin Carro y sin Moto - 2023
- TODO: Análisis

# Tangara Standalone Pipeline
A new standalone pipeline version was created inside the folder **standalone** please check out the [README.md](standalone/README.md) file standalone version.

## How to use

Please read and execute each step below:

### Step 1

Create and use Python virtual environment:

```bash
$promt> python -m venv .venv
$promt> source .venv/bin/activate
```

### Step 2

Install all Python requirements:

```bash
$promt> python -m pip install -U pip
$promt> pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Optional

Generate a requirements file and then install from it in another environment:

```bash
$promt> pip freeze > requirements.txt
```

---

***That's all for now ...***

---

#### License

[GPL-3.0 License](./LICENSE)

Commit message:

Air Quality Guide for Particle Pollution - AQI

README.md, after:

# Tangara Pipeline
Tangara Pipeline uses Kedro Framework for creating reproducible, maintainable, and modular data science code. Data sources are provided from Air Quality sensors in Cali, Colombia. https://tangara.chis.pa/

## What is the Air Quality Index - AQI?
More about it: [README.md](standalone/docs/README.md)

## Análisis Día sin Carro y sin Moto - 2022
La calidad del aire de Cali no mejoró con el día sin carro y sin moto ¿Y entonces?
**[LINK](https://cali.webnoticias.co/opinion/la-calidad-del-aire-de-cali-no-mejoro-con-el-dia-sin-carro-y-sin-moto-y-entonces)**

## Análisis Día sin Carro y sin Moto - 2023
- TODO: Análisis

## Tangara Standalone Pipeline
A new standalone pipeline version was created inside the folder **standalone** please check out the [README.md](standalone/README.md) file standalone version.

## How to use

Please read and execute each step below:

### Step 1

Create and use Python virtual environment:

```bash
$promt> python -m venv .venv
$promt> source .venv/bin/activate
```

### Step 2

Install all Python requirements:

```bash
$promt> python -m pip install -U pip
$promt> pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Step 3: Use Tangara Standalone Pipeline

Please check out the [README.md](standalone/README.md) file standalone version.

### Optional

Generate a requirements file and then install from it in another environment:

```bash
$promt> pip freeze > requirements.txt
```

---

***That's all for now ...***

---

#### License

[GPL-3.0 License](./LICENSE)
